wiki/1

§ Putah

⸺ by Charles Iliya Krempeaux

In the [[world-18]] //animation// and //fictional world//, **Putah** is one of the [[world-18-characters]].

**Putah** is a deity.

**Putah** is //biologically immortal// — meaning that unless sometimes or someone kills him, he will continue to live on.

**Putah** is a [[sabzii]].

Legend has it that **Putah** is a //demiurge// creator deity.

§§ History

**Putah** is the first being.
He just popped into existance in his universe when there were no other beings yet.

Legend has it that **Putah** first creation happened on one [[denden]].

His first creation was **Tatenen**, who although is of the same species as **Ptah**, was //created by// **Putah**, rather than being born from him — and thus is //not// a son of **Putah**.

Later **Putah** created the **ogdoad** — a group of 4 pairs:

• [[nuhh]] and the dragon [[hofnuhh]]
• [[hehh]] and the dragon [[hofhehh]]
• [[kekk]] and the dragon [[hofkekk]]
• [[qerr]] and the dragon [[hofqerr]]

**Putah** created many many other life forms after this.

Long long long ago, **Putah** formed a coalition — a trinity — with [[angel-amen]] and [[rah]].

Later, that trinity fell apart.
And a war started between [[angel-amen]]'s faction and **Putah**'s faction.

A new trinity formed inside of **Putah**'s faction.
This new trinity was made up of: **Putah**, [[usirus]], and **Sokar**.

During the war with [[angel-amen]]'s faction, at one point, **Putah** was fataly wounded.
But before dying, **Putah** fused with [[usirus]] using [[sabzii-fusion]] — such that everything that **Putah** was was absorbed into [[usirus]].
From that point on, **Putah**'s [[baah]] and [[kaah]] existed within the living [[usirus]].

§§ See Also

• [[putah-inspirations]]
