wiki/1

§ Sabzii

⸺ by Charles Iliya Krempeaux

In the [[world-18]] //animation// and //fictional world//, **sabzii** are one of the [[world-18-lineages]].

§§ Appearance

Most **sabzii**:

• have mostly green skin — with either pink or yellow patches with red borders,
• 2 long pointy ears,
• 2 short antennae, and
• purple colored blood.

§§ Hearing

Most **sabzii** have enhanced hearing, as compared to many other lineages.

§§ Diet

Most adult **sabzii** survive, and even thrive, almost exclusively on a diet of //water//.
Although exposure to light, espeicailly sun-light, it necessary for this.

Adult **sabzii** must also eat and drink from time to time.

**Sabzii** children are often encouraged to eat and drink (things other than //water//) to help them grow.
**Sabzii** children who do //not// do this can still grow, but it can take much longer to reach their full adult size.

§§ Skin Tone

Most **sabzii** have mostly green skin — with either pink or yellow patches with red borders.

The exact shade of **green**, of their skin-tone, can vary from individual **sabzii** to individual **sabzii**.

The exact shade of **green** of a **sabzii**'s skin-tone can even //sometimes// vary as they age — especially when they reach old age.

The exception being **sabzii** who //develop// or who are //born with// a condition call **the hunger**.

§§ Green Day

Most **sabzii** observe a tradition where they ritualistically eat a certain plant.

Many **sabzii** farm this plant.

Most of the ritualistic focus is placed on the //green parts// of the plant.
But eating the non-green parts is imporant, too.

This tradition happens once a year.
Although some populations of **sabzii** observe it at different times of the year.

If the //certain plant// isn't available, other green plants are broadly considered acceptable.
But, in this situation, it is also believed to be importnt to eat other things, too.

It is said that this tradition brings //good health// to the **sabzii** participants.

It is also believed that those who don't participate in //green day// can suffer from //the hunger//.

§§ The Hunger

//The hunger// is a very rare condition among **sabzii**.

Of the **sabzii** who have it — some **sabzii** are born the condition, some **sabzii** develop the condition.

//The hunger// causes the **sabzii** who has it to hunger to eat and drink (things other than just water).

**Sabzii** who have //the hunger// can express changes in both their behavior, and their appearance.
Including changes to their //skin tone// — which can become depigmented.
In fact, **sabzii** born with //the hunger// are depigmented.

There are stories of **sabzii** families where all individuals are born with //the hunger//, for every generation.

§§ Reproduction

Virtually all **sabzii** are **cosexual**, and are capable of 2 forms of //sexual reprodution// —

• //allogamy//, and
• //autogamy//.

With //allogamy// being more common, under normal circumstances.

Their //allogamy// is facilitated through a special organ called the //receptaculum seminis//.

Also, //parthenogenesis// does sometimes occur, but it is very very very rare.

When reproducing, a **sabzii** will lay an egg out of their mouth in a process known as **yoshitanjō**

§§ Fusion

There is a technique, called **fusion**, where 2 **sabzii** can fused together.
The technique has to be learned — but most **sabzii** have the potential to engage in it.

It is //not// an equal fusion, but one **sabzii** is absorbed into the other.

When that happens, everything that was the absorbed **sabzii** resides within the absorber.
It is believed that this includes both the [[kaah]] and [[baah]] of the absorbed **sabzii** — as there are stories that the absorber can //hear// and //talk to// the absorbed **sabzii** in their head.

Typically the fused **sabzii** is stronger, and more powerful.

§§ Fission

There is also a technique, called **fission**, where a //fused// **sabzii** can split again.
The technique has to be learned — but most **sabzii** have the potential to engage in it.

Altthough it is a more difficult technique to learn than the **fusion** technique.

Note that this is //not// considered a form of //reprodution//.

§§ Temporary Growth

**Sabzii** are able to grow and stretch their bodies.

This includes stretching their limbs, and gigantism.

§§ Legends

Some **sabzii** have a legend that the **sabzii** are the children of [[putah]].

There is another **sabzii** legend that they (the **sabzii**) are the source of **dragons**.
