wiki/1

§ The Hunger

⸺ by Charles Iliya Krempeaux

In the [[world-18]] //animation// and //fictional world//, [[sabzii]] are one of the [[world-18-lineages]].

**The hunger** is a very rare condition among the [[sabzii]].

§§ Symptoms

Most [[sabzii]] only consume //water// on a daily basis, and eat and drink (things other than just water) much much much less frequently.

**The hunger** causes the [[sabzii]] who has it //to hunger// to eat and drink (things other than just water) on a daily basis.

While this is normal for other species, this is //not// typical for [[sabzii]].

[[sabzii]] who have **the hunger** can express changes in both their behavior, and their appearance.

One of the changes to their appearance includes their //skin tone// first becoming tan-colored and brown-colored — and then (if the condition persists) eventually becoming a depigmented bone-color.
In fact, [[sabzii]] born with **the hunger** are born with depigmented bone-colored skin tone.

§§ Two Types

**The hunger** is a rare condition, but —
Of the [[sabzii]] who have it — some [[sabzii]] are born the condition, while other [[sabzii]] develop the condition after they are born.

There are stories of [[sabzii]] families where all individuals are born with **the hunger**, for every generation.

§§ Treatment

Some [[sabzii]] who are born with **the hunger** cannot be treated.
While others can.

Most [[sabzii]] who develop **the hunger** later in life can be treated, and become //normal// again.
Onset of **the hunger** in adulthood (to an **sabzii** who are previously green) is usually caused by not consuming enough green plant martial (or something similar to it) for 5 or more years.

Treatment usually involves participating in the [[sabzii-green-day]] ritual.
