wiki/1

§ Usirus

⸺ by Charles Iliya Krempeaux

**Usirus** is a character from **18**.

§§ World 18

[[world-18]], usually just shorterned to **18**, is an animation influenced by //another animation// that was based on a hundreds-of-years-old story called [[journey-to-the-west]] (西遊記) that featured the character [[son-wu-kong]] (孫悟空), as well as influenced by ancient Egyptian mythology, and Persian mythology.

§§ About

**Usirus** is a descendent of [[putah]].

**Usirus** is //biologically immortal// — meaning that unless sometimes or someone kills him, he will continue to live on.

**Usirus**' father's is **Geb**.

Long long long ago, **Usirus** formed a coalition — a trinity — with [[putah]] and **Sokar**.
Together, they led a faction that fought [[angel-amen]]'s faction.

During the war with [[angel-amen]]'s faction, at one point, [[putah]] was fataly wounded.
But before dying, [[putah]] fused with **Usirus** — such that everything that **Putah** was was absorbed into **Usirus**.
From that point on, [[putah]]'s [[baah]] and [[kaah]] existed within **Usirus**.

**Usirus** was killed long long ago — but his [[baah]] an [[kaah]] live on.

**Usirus**'s [[kaah]] — being the [[kaah]] of a god — is named **banebdjedet**, and it is symbolized by a male ram with its big curled horns — especially the head of the ram.

**Usirus** had 7 children.

• **Usirus**' 1st son is named [[harus]].
• **Usirus**' 2nd son is named [[konshoo]].
• **Usirus**' 3rd son's name has been lost to history, but the stories we have of him include stories of a winged horned dragon.
• **Usirus**' 4th son's name has been lost to history, but the stories we have of him claim that he resembled [[konshoo]] more than his other brothers — although was large and heavier than him.
• **Usirus**' 5th son's name has been lost to history.
• **Usirus**' 6th son's name has been lost to history.
• **Usirus**' 7th son was born at the moment of his death, through a blessing from **Isis**.

**Usirus** was killed.
When **Usirus** was killed, his body was cut up into pieces.
The pieces of his body was separated, and became like stone.
With one exception — one of his eyes remained alive.

There are stories of **Usirus** being able to increase his size at will, and being able to grow to the size of a giant.

§§ Inspiration

The inspiration for the **Usirus** character from **18** is the **ancient Egytpian god**: **Osiris**.
Whose name is also sometimes spelled as: *Usiris*.

In //ancient Egytpian mythology// **Osiris** is often depicted as person with green skin.

**18** focuses on **Osiris**:

• as a leader,
• with his association with resurrection,
• with his association with reincarnation,
• with his association with the after-world,
• on his death, and
• as having green skin.
