wiki/1

§ Hair Variations (World 18)

⸺ by Charles Iliya Krempeaux

⸺ published 2022-01-12T08:05:25-08:00

This is from the [[world-18]] //animation// and //fictional world// — an animation myself and others worked on.

One of the important characters in [[world-18]] is a character (we later) named — [[sava]].

The idea for this [[sava]] character came from a collaboration between (in alphabetical order): **Charles Iliya Krempeaux** (i.e., me), **Mahour Pourghadim**, and **Soroush Eliasi**.
I developed the overall story for the //fictional world//, but — the three of us, through our disucssions each week, turned that overall story into narratives.
And **Soroush Eliasi** turned that into **episodes** and **story-board**s.

So, we had the idea for this [[sava]] character — and now we had to figure out how he looks.

In addition to working on **story development** with me and **Mahour Pourghadim** — two other things that **Soroush Eliasi** does is — create the **story-board**s and create **concept-art**.

**Soroush Eliasi** had already created **concept-art** for the [[sava]] character.
And **Soroush Eliasi** already had the [[sava]] character in some of the **story-board**s.

So, we already had some rough designs for the [[sava]] character.
But, now we needed to work on finalizing [[sava]]'s design.

So, at this point — we were focusing on [[sava]]'s hair.

And this is where **Mahour Pourghadim** comes in — she did a lot of the (final) **character-design**.
(Sometimes based on **Soroush Eliasi**'s or others' **concept-art**.
And sometimes completely on her own.)

**Mahour Pourghadim** created these different //hair variations// for the [[sava]] character:

⁁ log/2022/01/12/1642003525/sava-hair-concepts.jpeg


The variant that I liked the best, and thus the one we went with (i.e., //the winner//), was:

⁁ log/2022/01/12/1642003525/sava-hair-concept-winner.jpeg

I think this variant of the hair makes the [[sava]] character look more intimidating (than the other variants).
Which is important for this character.

There were 3 other variants that I didn't like as much as this one, but I still liked.

(Perhaps one or more of those runner-up hair styles can be used for other characters.)
